



 rough notes:


1. Testcase:A Test Scenario is defined as any functionality that can be tested. 
It is a collective set of test cases which helps the testing team to determine 
the positive and negative characteristics of the project.

2.Testcase:
A Test Case is a set of actions executed to verify a particular feature or 
functionality of your software application.

3.BUG:a bug is a deviation from the customer requirement, in simple language, 

we can say deviation between the expected result and the actual result in an application 

4.DEFECT:
the functionality of an application is not working as per the customer’s requirement is known
 as a defect, Giving wrong input may lead to a defect 

5.Verifycation:(1)
Verification is the process of checking that a software achieves its goal without any bugs. 
It is the process to ensure whether the product that is developed is right or not. (Static)

6.Validation:
it's checks whether the software meets the requirements and expectations of a customer or not.(dynamic)

7.static testing:
which is performed to check the defects in software without actually executing 
the code of the software application.
It is performed in the early stage of the software development.


8.Dynamic Testing:
Dynamic testing is performed after code deployment.
It includes the testing of the software for the input values and output values that are analyzed.
ex: validation


9.Functional Testing:

a)what the product does. its checks the operation & actions of Application

b) test wheather actual result working acc to expected result

c)ex : unit testing , system testing, integration testing etc........


10.NON Functional Testing:

a)checks behaviour of application.

b)customer exxpectation and performance req(response time, speed)

c)performance , load, stress etc.............



11.BlackBox:
Black box testing involves testing a system with no prior knowledge of its internal workings. A tester provides an input, and observes the output generated by the system under test. 

tech: equivalence partition,Boundry value analysis

12.WhiteBox:

White box testing is a software testing technique that involves testing the internal structure ,internal design, code structure, and the working of the software 

tech: Statement Coverage

13.UNIT testing:

unit testing is type of whitebox testing where individual unit or component of the software tested, its help us before intergrating then together

14.Integration testing:
Once all the components or modules are working independently, then we need to check the data flow between the dependent modules is known as integration testing.

15.System testing:
System Testing is a level of testing that validates the complete and fully integrated software product. The purpose of a system test is to evaluate the end-to-end system specifications. 


16.acceptance testing :
if it meets the requirement and expectations of the end user


17.Alpha testing:
Alpha Testing is a type of software testing performed to identify bugs before releasing the product to real users or to the public. Alpha Testing is one of the user acceptance testings. 

18.Beta Testing:
Beta Testing is performed by “real users” of the software application in “real environment” and it can be considered as a form of external User Acceptance Testing.

19.load testing:
It determines how the software application behaves while being accessed by multiple users simultaneously.

20.strees Testing:
subjected to extreme condition to evaluate its performance & stability of application on the such conditions

see how handling the pressure

21.volume Testing:
subjected to large volume of the data to evaluate its performance & scalability of application.

22.Soak testing:

subjected to prolonged period of continuous usage to evaluate its performance & stability over time.



Priority
Priority is defined as the order in which a defect should be fixed. Higher the priority the sooner the defect should be resolved.

low 
medium
high


Severity:
Bug Severity or Defect Severity in testing is a degree of impact a bug or a Defect has on the software application under test. A higher effect of bug/defect on system functionality will lead to a higher severity level. 

critical
major
medium
low


High Priority & low severity:

font size of button on loginpage is slightly smaller than standard font size


Low Priority & high Serverity:

messaging app and when user send a messsage with Specific  combination of characters, its cause the app crash, its does not impact majaroty of users

another ex:purchase using a specific payment method transction gets struck in pending state


High Priority & HIgh Serverioty:

In Health case app and you patient data to be displayed inncorrectly

patient safety is top priority in Healthcare/

regression testing:
Regression testing is a software testing practice that ensures an application still functions as expected after any code changes, updates, or improvements. Regression testing is responsible for the overall stability and functionality of the existing features.

sdlc
sdtc
bva
bug life cycle
agile methodoligu


6302931384


select salary , Name
from dept
order by Salary desc
limit 1 Offset 2
