My name is KiranKumar , and I'm an experienced software tester. I have been in the software testing field
for 3 years in capgemini technologies and have a strong understanding of both manual and automated testing techniques. 
I have a proven track record of success in developing and executing test plans, finding and reporting bugs,
and ensuring software quality. I'm comfortable working independently or as part of a team and
I'm eager to learn new skills and technologies. I'm confident that my experience and
skills make me an ideal candidate for this position.Thank you.



Ashai++


About Asahi+

--->Asahi Bewarses drinks comapany head queartors in Tekyo that want explore globally
This project will help create a green field Salesforce B2B
Commerce cloud enabled by a multi-beverage strategy
driving overall Asahi group B2B revenue.
 they offers the water,soft drinks,beer, zero alchol, coffee. to delivery to 40k cafes & resturents  over the Austrial



cretaed the user have multiple contacts:
    they created to venue where they want delivery the products

products able to add the card & procced with the payments & cloplated the order.... credits also available

2. customer facing any problems we created the supports forms & live chat with Asahi agents as well... while creating cases case folder in the portal itself we can find the status each case which we raised the pervoius.....

 Account page :
Address Page 
add to cart
order page:
Payment page:
serach produc:
Shipping Page:

3. suppose if you want order alocholic products ... liquoir validation will be their on partticaur account....

4. order managemnets & promotoins tab & cases managnents also...
  A)) performed functional testing ,restesting , regresssiong testing, written the testcases.
  B))cross browsing testing of application on various browser and  devices

  C))for updating the Defects & connecting with dev.




PLDT:


1.Lead managaement  :Lead Capturing from Website 

Redirection to Customer Community Guest access page when Customer clicks on the Product in PLDT Home Website’s branding page. 

Tracking Customer’s Product of interest. 

Displaying the Community Guest access page with respect to the Product that Customer has chosen/selected. 

Lead Capturing Through Assisted Channels Lead capture by Tele Sales directly into Salesforce Portal. 
 
2.Sales Management: about Sales different plans


3.Campaign Management:Profiling of Abandon Leads such as Fallouts at Serviceability checking, Customer Info verification, Incomplete application, Validation Stage.  

Campaign Creation to engage the Abandon Leads via Email & SMS 



1.Marketing Cloud Administrator is able to create Marketing Users.
2.Verify that EMAIL  1.1 is sent to Customer when Address is not Serviceable,Pending Customer Compliance,
  Application Form/Lead Record Created,Address Not Serviceable.
3. SMS as well.
4.Verify that Lead can exit journey if email is opened by Customer (Documents Incomplete):: Lead status Updated.
5.Verify that Email  is sent to segmented Customer with the correct  Template for Address not serviceable
6.Verify that Email template is available when sending Thank you Email to the Customer containing the Survey link &
  Customer able to open & complete survey & capture the Surevye Responses.
7. Able to Run & Schedule the reports & dataroma & able to run reports (sales)
8.Role Based testing.

