provide better customer experience & helps improve Business outcomes

example: sales team generate lot of data about the customers which customer is interested in which product, customer interaction, cutomer information ,which products delivered & many more following up orders, or contacting about some issues.

without this crm if noted in books, laptops might be missing or lost the data or she might forget the status ...leads many blunders.


we can see all this data in CRM single tool.

sales cloud conatins account and contact managament which comple view of customers like key activoties, customer communication, key contacts

and find possible leads which means you can concentrate on customers who more likely to buy your products.



sales cloud feature:

1.contact Management: By giving access to all critical data of the customers and interaction history you get complete picture of all your customer.

2.Leads:they are Potential customer and also write and track emails from the crm solutions.that leads to set proper leads to particular salesperson

3.Mobility: Making conference calls taking meeting notes and collaborating with your team memebrs. sharing files from anywhere.

4.reports and dashbords:visula resp who bsuiness performning in market

5.AI integrated :cloud analystic tools aggregate the  data different locations data main visaluize large volume of date in on place and genrate powerful insights

its connect the urser to sales cloud nad community cloud with embeded with dashbords.


sales cloud: is get in touch with customers and sell them products or close the deal &

main focus will be on leads ,contacts and opportunities


Task: duties to be carries out by the salesperson on parcticular date ..it can be something like calling a cutomer at a perticular time.


calender:create a event example :customer wants to close the deal on particular deal. we can notify from 5min to 2 weeks before the meeting

notes:while communicating with customer you can write it notes

reports:display the data in the form of rows and columns

groups:set of user if comapany has many sales team each team can creeate on group & communicate themselves.



pricebook entry is junction object to product & price book

oppronity line items junction object to oppronity & product

one to many realationship in oppornity & quote 


select name
from table1
where orderBy price
limit 1 offset 1


